README.MD, before:

# Welcome to the Intro to Markdown

It is a lightweight markup language developed by John Gruber with the help of Aaron Swartz. The main purpose of the language is to offer an easy syntax to read and write or a way to style text on the web.


### How to make Header in Markdown

Examples: 
# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3
#### Header 4
##### Header 5
###### Header 6
```
# This represent <h1> tag
## This represents <h2> tag
### This represents <h3> tag
#### This represents <h4> tag
##### This represents <h5> tag
###### This represents <h6> tag
```


### How to make Table in Markdown

Examples:

First Header | Second Header
------------ | -------------
Content cell 1 | Content cell 2

```
First Header | Second Header
------------ | -------------
Content cell 1 | Content cell 2

```
### Images in Markdown

Examples:

![TRU Open Source Club](https://i2.wp.com/trusu.ca/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/OpenSource-Club-Logo.png?resize=300%2C264&ssl=1)
```
![TRU Open Source Club](https://i2.wp.com/trusu.ca/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/OpenSource-Club-Logo.png?resize=300%2C264&ssl=1)
```

### Links in Markdown

Examples:

[Click to follow the link](https://trusu.ca/club/open-source-club/)
```
[Click to follow the link](https://trusu.ca/club/open-source-club/)
```

### Bold 

Examples:

**Markdown**
```
**Markdown**
```


### Italic

Examples:

*Markdown* 
```
*Markdown* 
```


### Superscript

Examples:

Welcome to Markdown<sup>2</sup>
```
Welcome to Markdown<sup>2</sup>
```


### Subscript

Examples:

Welcome to Markdown<sub>2</sub>
```
Welcome to Markdown<sub>2</sub>
```


### Code Blocks

#### Normal
Examples:
```
Hello there! Welcome to the Markdown Introduction
```
````
```
Hello there! Welcome to the Markdown Introduction
```
````

#### Language Specific
Examples:
##### For Javascript
```javascript
test= async ()=>{
console.log("Javascript");
}
```
````
```javascript
Put your Code Here
```
````

##### For Java
```java
public void Java{
  System.out.println("Java");
}
```
````
```java
Put your Code Here
```
````

##### For Python
```python
def Python:
  print('Python')
```
````
```python
Put your Code Here
```
````



[Click to learn more](https://guides.github.com/pdfs/markdown-cheatsheet-online.pdf)

Commit message:

Added Header Row instructions
Added Header Row instructions for markdown files.
Provided an example and the code.

README.MD, after:

# Welcome to the Intro to Markdown

It is a lightweight markup language developed by John Gruber with the help of Aaron Swartz. The main purpose of the language is to offer an easy syntax to read and write or a way to style text on the web.


### How to make Header in Markdown

Examples: 
# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3
#### Header 4
##### Header 5
###### Header 6
```
# This represent <h1> tag
## This represents <h2> tag
### This represents <h3> tag
#### This represents <h4> tag
##### This represents <h5> tag
###### This represents <h6> tag
```

### How to make a Header Row in Markdown

Example:

---

```
--- (3 hyphens will create a Header Row)
```

### How to make Table in Markdown

Examples:

First Header | Second Header
------------ | -------------
Content cell 1 | Content cell 2

```
First Header | Second Header
------------ | -------------
Content cell 1 | Content cell 2

```
### Images in Markdown

Examples:

![TRU Open Source Club](https://i2.wp.com/trusu.ca/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/OpenSource-Club-Logo.png?resize=300%2C264&ssl=1)
```
![TRU Open Source Club](https://i2.wp.com/trusu.ca/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/OpenSource-Club-Logo.png?resize=300%2C264&ssl=1)
```

### Links in Markdown

Examples:

[Click to follow the link](https://trusu.ca/club/open-source-club/)
```
[Click to follow the link](https://trusu.ca/club/open-source-club/)
```

### Bold 

Examples:

**Markdown**
```
**Markdown**
```


### Italic

Examples:

*Markdown* 
```
*Markdown* 
```


### Superscript

Examples:

Welcome to Markdown<sup>2</sup>
```
Welcome to Markdown<sup>2</sup>
```


### Subscript

Examples:

Welcome to Markdown<sub>2</sub>
```
Welcome to Markdown<sub>2</sub>
```


### Code Blocks

#### Normal
Examples:
```
Hello there! Welcome to the Markdown Introduction
```
````
```
Hello there! Welcome to the Markdown Introduction
```
````

#### Language Specific
Examples:
##### For Javascript
```javascript
test= async ()=>{
console.log("Javascript");
}
```
````
```javascript
Put your Code Here
```
````

##### For Java
```java
public void Java{
  System.out.println("Java");
}
```
````
```java
Put your Code Here
```
````

##### For Python
```python
def Python:
  print('Python')
```
````
```python
Put your Code Here
```
````



[Click to learn more](https://guides.github.com/pdfs/markdown-cheatsheet-online.pdf)
